(PC-30497)[API] feat: public api doc: update changelog (#12927)
pass-culture/pass-culture-main: api/documentation/src/pages/change-logs.md

# Change logs

:::warning

> 💡 Important notice Old ressources will be deprecated in the next months.

Reviewer: Elles sont déjà `deprecated`, là elles vont être `removed`
```suggestion
Important notice some old resources are going to be removed in the coming months.
```

> - If you were using v1/stock those ressources have been replaced by public/v1/product/ean and will not be available anymore on Septembre, the 31st 2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you were using `/v1/stock` to manage stocks, you will have to migrate to this endpoint : [/public/v1/product/ean](/rest-api#tag/Product-offer-bulk-operations/operation/PostProductOfferByEan). The endpoint `/v1/stock` will not be available anymore starting from Septembre, the 31st 2024
```

> - If you were using /v1/bookings those ressources have been replaced by public/v1/bookings and will not be available anymore on March, the 31st 2025 </aside>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you were using `/v1/bookings` to manage bookings, you will have to migrate to those endpoints [/public/v1/bookings](/rest-api#tag/Bookings).  The endpoint `/v1/bookings` will not be available anymore starting from March, the 31st 2025.
```

:::

## June 2023

> - You can now specify your own id when you create an individual event offer. This id is called idAtProvider and will be send in the GET/booking answers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now specify your own id when you [create an individual event offer](/rest-api#tag/Event-offers/operation/PostEventOffer) and/or [create stock for this event](/rest-api#tag/Event-offer-stocks/operation/PostEventStocks). This id is called `idAtProvider` and will be send to your ticketing system when a beneficiary books a ticket.
```

## March 2023

> - Collective categories have been replaced by educational format to be more accurate. Collective categories will be definitively deprecated on September, the 31st 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Collective categories have been replaced by educational format to be more accurate. Collective categories will be definitively removed on September, the 31st 2024.
```

## February 2023

> - New music types have been defined for musical events, CD and vinyls. We adopted Titelive classification. Older types will be definitively deprecated on September, the 31st 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New music types have been defined for musical events, CD and vinyls. We adopted Titelive classification. Older types will be definitively removed on September, the 31st 2024.
```
